Assignment Instruction
---------------------

This time, your stack is not executable anymore. You will be needed to find an
address of library call (e.g., *system()*) and an address of string (e.g.,
*/bin/sh*) that you want to pass as the first argument of the function. ASLR has
been disabled for your ease, address space layout, and addresses of functions
and variables won't change across different executions.

For this part, you will save your payload as *a file* and provide it as an
arguement to the vulnerable program (assign_0x1_p3).

    echo -ne "payload\xef\xbe\xad\xde" > /tmp/myinput
    ./part0x03 /tmp/myinput
    IOLI Crackme Level 0x03
    Invalid Password!

NOTE: The submission server (and account for each part) is shared by the entire
class, please try to use a unique filename for your input to avoid potential
conflict.

Upon a successful exploitation, you will see the shell prompt as below.

    assign_0x1_p3@cs6332-lab0:~$ ./part0x03 /tmp/input3
    IOLI Crackme Level 0x03
    Invalid Password!
    $ id
    uid=1010(assign0x2-p3) gid=1014(assign0x2-p3) groups=1014(assign0x2-p3), 1015(assign0x2-p3-pwn)
    $ ./solve
    your netid is xxxx, turn in the following hash value.
    326130ad74d411d4e92807fad05762ed

PRO TIP: if you want to make your environment as similar as possible, prepend
`env -i` before your program command, i.e. `env -i ./part0x03`.

Submission
----------

On successful exploitation, the program will run the `solve` program, which
will ask you to provide your NetID and return your hash value. For this part of
the assignment, please submit the followings

  1. Your *input* to exploit the buffer overflow vulnerability and run system() 
     function from libc library.
  2. Hash value generated by *solve* as a return for your NetID.
